Fixing diagrams for sign off gr (#254)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.4/modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/task-reg-run-flex-gateway.adoc

When using this mode, you must know what resources to create and apply, and use `kubectl apply` to deploy Kubernetes targets and resources such as APIs, policies, or Flex Gateway-related resources to your gateway. 

> Local Mode also supports `Ingress` resources from Kubernetes, which are configured through a YAML file with properties, such as `apiVersion`, `kind`, `metadata`, `spec` for configuring a load balancer or proxy server, and `rules` for directing HTTP and HTTPS traffic. For more information about Flex Gateway managing `Ingress` resources, see xref:flex-gateway-k8-ingress-class[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Local Mode also supports `Ingress` resources from Kubernetes, which are configured through a YAML file with properties, such as `apiVersion`, `kind`, `metadata`, and `spec` for configuring a load balancer or proxy server, and `rules` for directing HTTP and HTTPS traffic. For more information about how Flex Gateway manages `Ingress` resources, see xref:flex-gateway-k8-ingress-class[].
```
